Create and save KML file (#847)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Edit data/Create and save KML file/README.md

# Create and save KML file

Construct a KML document and save it as a KMZ file.

![KML style settings](create-save-kml-1.png)
![Sketching a KML](create-save-kml-2.png)

## Use case

If you need to create and save data on the fly, you can use KML to create points, lines, and polygons by sketching on the map, customizing the style, and serializing them as KML nodes in a KML Document. Once complete, you can share the KML data with others that are using a KML reading application, such as ArcGIS Earth.

## How to use the sample

Tap on the middle button in the bottom toolbar to add a new KML. Select a type of feature and choose its color or icon. Tap on the map to sketch the KML. Tap the bottom middle button to complete the sketch. Tap the button on the right to save the KMZ file. Tap the left button to clear the current KML document.

## How it works

1. Create an `AGSKmlDocument`.
2. Create an `AGSKmlDataset` using the `AGSKmlDocument`.

> 3. Create an `AGSKmlLayer` using the `AGSKmlDataset` and add it to `AGSMap.operationalLayers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create an `AGSKmlLayer` using the `AGSKmlDataset` and add it to the map's `operationalLayers` array.
```

4. Create `AGSGeometry` using `AGSSketchEditor`.

> 5. Project that `AGSGeometry` to WGS84 using `AGSGeometryEngine.projectGeometry(_:to:)`.

Reviewer 2: Should that be a class method?

> 5. Project that `AGSGeometry` to WGS84 using `AGSGeometryEngine.projectGeometry(_:to:)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Project that `AGSGeometry` to WGS84 using `class AGSGeometryEngine.projectGeometry(_:to:)`.
```

6. Create an `AGSKmlGeometry` object using that projected `AGSGeometry`.
7. Create an `AGSKmlPlacemark` using the `AGSKmlGeometry`.
8. Add the `AGSKmlPlacemark` to the `AGSKmlDocument`.
9. Set the `AGSKmlStyle` for the `AGSKmlPlacemark`.

> 10. When finished with adding `AGSKmlPlacemark` nodes to the `AGSKmlDocument`, save the `AGSKmlDocument` to a file using the `AGSKMLNode.save(toFileURL:completion:)` method.

Reviewer: KML should be capitalized: `Kml` -> `KML`.

## Relevant API

> * AGSGeometryEngine.projectGeometry

Reviewer 2: Should that be a class method in API?

Reviewer: Yes, this should be the qualified symbol name.

* AGSKmlDataset
* AGSKmlDocument
* AGSKmlGeometry
* AGSKmlLayer

> * AGSKMLNode.save

Reviewer: This should be the qualified symbol name.

* AGSKmlPlacemark

> * AGSKmlStyle

Reviewer: `Kml` -> `KML`

* AGSSketchEditor

## Tags

> Keyhole, KML, KMZ, OGC

Reviewer: `Keyhole` is what the _K_ in _KML_ stands for.

> Keyhole, KML, KMZ, OGC

Reviewer 2: I believe the first constraint conflict is a long existing issue in iOS: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/55372093/uialertcontrollers-actionsheet-gives-constraint-error-on-ios-12-2-12-3

For action sheet, it is there since iOS 12.
